at the White House Defiance as the calls
grow to stop the suffering in Gaza look
we certainly share the concerns that so
many of others have concerned including
the Secretary General about the
humanitarian situation in Gaza tell me
name me one more Nation any other Nation
that's doing as much as the United
States to alleviate the pain and
suffering of the people of Gaza you
can't but Aid is not quite the same as
using its influence on Israel to stop
the targeting of civilians
the US made clear it did not want the
Israeli military using the same level of
force in the south of Gaza as it did in
the north only to be ignored it is
imperative it remains imperative that
Israel put a premium on civilian
protection and there does remain a gap
between exactly what what I said when I
was there the intent to protect
civilians and the actual results that
we're seeing on the ground the US
Secretary of State says Israel should
improve how it communicates safe areas
allowing more time for people to get
there from a broader area and that they
need to be able to access food medicine
and water when they arrive and
Progressive members of Congress continue
to protest calling for a permanent
ceasefire and accusing Israel of war
crimes the targeting of civilians is a
war crime the targeting of medical
facilities is a war crime the starvation
and the withholding of water and
electricity is a war crime the
collective punishment of 2.3 million
people is a war crime and we refuse to
be silent US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin announced that he is going to
have some visitors on Friday the foreign
ministers We Believe from qter Saudi
Arabia turkey Egypt Jordan and the
Palestinian Authority are going to be in
Washington they are going to meet
together we believe they will likely
have a press conference and then come
here to the state department to speak
with the secretary so if there's going
to be any significant push back on the
US's full throated support of Israel it
will likely come from them Patty King Al
jazer at the state
department make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer